Allow server admin to create rooms for other users (#8789)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/admin_api/rooms.md

Once the `next_token` parameter is no longer present, we know we've reached the
end of the list.

# Create Room API

The Create Room admin API allows server admins to create a new room on the server.

> It is possible to specify an owner for the room other than the requester himself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to specify a creator for the room other than the requester themselves.
```

> In that case, the server admin, who made the request **does not** become a member
> of the created room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In that case, the server admin who made the request **does not** become a member
of the created room unless they are explicitly included in the membership list.
```

## Usage

The API is:

```json
POST /_synapse/admin/v1/rooms
```

> the body parameters are the same as in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The body parameters are the same as in
```

> <https://matrix.org/docs/spec/client_server/r0.6.1#post-matrix-client-r0-createroom>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`POST /_matrix/client/r0/createRoom`](https://matrix.org/docs/spec/client_server/r0.6.1#post-matrix-client-r0-createroom)
```

> with one additional optional parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with one additional optional parameter:
```

```json
{

>     "owner": "@someuser:example.com"

Reviewer: I think we should avoid referring to this as "owner" - the creator is not necessarily the "owner" of the room.

```suggestion
    "creator": "@someuser:example.com"
```

Author: In the current implementation, the admin user performing the request would still be the `creator` of the room, but will not become a member. Instead he announces another user as "owner" or single member with room admin rights.

Author: OK, understood. Then I will accept your renames.
